DOVER CHARTERS 14 3
x 1. v 1 1.

2 November 1402.

Tuis is the final agreement made in the Court of the Lord
King, held in the Port of Dover on the second day of
November in the fourth year of the reign of King Henry,
the fourth of England after the conquest, before Peter
Reade‚ Mayor of Dover ; Patrick Saint Owen, Bailiff ; John
Evebroke, Robert Alein, Jurats; and others of the said
king’s lieges there assembled : between Thomas at Crouche
and Johanna, his wife, on the one part, complainants; and
John Court and Margery‚ his wife, on the other part,
deforciants; for a tenement, with buildings and its other
appurtenances, situated in Dover in Singels Ward—on
which behalf a plea for breach of covenant was issued
between them in the said court, so that, to wit, the said
John Court and Margery‚ being summoned, came, and
acknowledged the said tenement with its appurtenances to
be the right of the said Thomas and Johanna, his wife, and
remitted and quit-claimed it to them, to have and to hold
to the said Thomas and Johanna, their heirs and assigns‚
freely and quietly for ever: Moreover, the said John and
Margery granted for themselves, and the heirs of the said
John, that they will warrant the said tenement with its
appurtenances to the said Thomas and Johanna, the heirs
and assigns of the said ThomaS, against all men for ever.

11.

Kuow all men present and future that we, John Court, of
Dover, and Margery, my wife, and Martha, the mother of
the said Margery, have given, granted, and, by virtue of
this our present charter‚ have confirmed to Thomas at
Crouche, of Dover, and Johanna‚ his wife, a tenement with
its appurtenances situated within the Liberty of the Port of
Dover in Syngel Ward, viz., between the tenement of

